you
and mac and cheese for lunch then we
have meatloaf for dinner go to bed wake
up tomorrow to the exact same day
are you a man who lived here before you
was named Edgar Mullins he murdered all
those girls over the years found this in
the garage that's how we connected
hello
he trapped us all of his house he wants
us to be asleep
send this bastard to help but we have to
do it together
I always do enjoy killing you
you got about four humpies you're clear
let him all up all right fire shoot a
video was leaked today depicting what
appears to be a US military helicopter
firing on unarmed reporters 12 million
people have seen that video you still
want to tell me you think it's just a
little website they have an agenda truth
justice the American Way man is leased
himself when he talks in his own person
but if you give him a mask he will tell
you the truth to people and a secret the
beginning of all conspiracy more people
and more secrets but if we could find
one moral man one whistleblower someone
willing to expose those secrets that man
could topple the most powerful and most
repressive regimes
mrs. bankers hiding billions of dollars
in offshore accounts we're gonna nail
those bastards former head of Iceland's
biggest bank has been accused of fraud
we took down a billion dollar bank this
is crazy courage is contagious the White
House today blasted the leak of over
90,000 military documents the military
Lodge exposed hundreds of informants
there are lives at risk here I need
names of sources could be harmed if
these cables are put out they're coming
after us we need to publish now this is
the biggest leak of classified
information in history The Guardian
healed times all standing alongside you
this is gonna change everything he's not
a journalist he's a threat to national
security this is all about survival
lifes are at stake what about the lives
of the civilians in these conflicts if
we had someone like you the Berlin boy
would have come down yes before we're on
the verge of a major international
crisis if you want to do this you have
to do it now Donna 5sec it was so my
sights on it's just you and your ego it
the lies you tell to get whatever you
want this is information the world needs
to know you need to crush these guys
lifetimes is life
you want the truth you should seek it
out for yourself that's what they're
afraid of you
endless circle of living and dying until
someone breaks it you walked in here you
ruptured the pattern bang are you a
writer cuz I've got a job for a writer
rhyme meter conceit without this
fellow's a poem becomes slack then how
do you explain Whitman well he hated
rhyme and meter what's your name Allen
Ginsberg Allen in wonderland Allen
really the borough's family is richer
than God it looks like a terminal there
are my boys destroy old and build the
new so literacy it is a literary
revolution without writing a word neat
trick Lou is a professor who won't let
me go and let's get rid of him what the
hell is this you don't know Lou
soon as you think you do he'll find
someone else Jack maybe he already has
what happened here you don't know
he wants my help and I don't know if I
should give it to him he calls you his
guardian angel that's what he called
David the police came and took him down
to the tombs dad it's $5,000 bail please
don't get hit all that man ruined my son
you wanted him gone to you sent him to
me
another lover hits the universe the
circle is broken
this is the Virginia G SOS call / this
is Virginia team SOS call
this is the Virginia Jean with an SOS
car over
you
I want to ask you what part of the
country you come from originated from
Canada I guess where that is well I know
we're kind of there is I've been there
myself they'll travel for a slave
Solomon Northup is an expert player on
the violin I was born the free man live
with my family in New York be good for
your mother until the day I was to see
to Solomon kidnap sold into slavery well
boy and you feel now name is Solomon no
I'm a free man and you have no right
whatsoever to detain you no free man
you're nothing but a Georgia run away
we're down to the river jogger let's
servant don't obey is Lord shall be
beaten with mini strike that scripture
the condition of your laborers it's all
wrong a my property you say that with
pride I say it is fact Frank mandas how
he pleases with his property booth you
come here mr. come here days ago I was
with my family and my home now you tell
me all this loss if you want to survive
do and say as little as possible
I solar arising when I smile for a year
and you're one of them
I don't you knowed something I did as
instructed there's something wrong it's
wrong with the instruction master bought
you here to work anymore learn you a
hundred lashes I know what it like to be
the object of mass is mass in his own
time good lot of mana tomorrow
I will survive I will not fall into
despair i will keep myself on it till
freedom his upper to
why was a free man
I'm not a sale
the mind of America fine works
differently than someone on the outside
he sees things in a different way a
successful breakout depends on three
things knowing the layup understanding
the routine in help from outside array
put your hands in the air show x ray
breslin is able to break out of any
prison designed by man we're testing a
prototype facility to deal with people
no government wants on their books the
people financing this need to know these
facilities are escape-proof contact on
say the wardens name is Roger Martin
when do we start you just did welcome to
your new home
i'm warden hops hush Forth Worth Marsh
that is no warden maj this is the
reality and there's no way out go make
some friends you gonna need them back
away
who were you before you came in you
never get a prisoner's for a living you
don't look that smart you don't need the
people who paid for you to be here
forever race gone off the grid where is
he this is the shadow world code name to
tune phrase anyway it's it where is here
oh no this was a setup somebody wanted
to bury me you for choice it could dine
here or it can get out and punish who
put you here I'm gonna find out who and
I'm gonna find out why let's do it I
need a diversion ok you did like a
vegetarian it was good what's he take
they're planning an escape
drag the rats back to the cages if I
don't get out I kill you fair enough
Yuto ever could be here I'm gonna burn
this place to the ground